OpenZWave Control Panel v0.2a 8/8/2011

Welcome to a very alpha release of the OpenZWave Control Panel.

OVERVIEW

This README for the OpenZWave Control Panel will attempt to provide the
necessary information to compile, use and develop.

The OpenZWave Control Panel (ozwcp for short) is an application built on
the OpenZWave library http://code.google.com/p/open-zwave/ that permits
users to query, manage and monitor Z-Wave nodes and networks. It provides a
web based user interface using AJAX principles.

The code is very new, as is the library, so bugs will be present. This tool
will allow the basic use of Z-Wave devices as well as help push forward the
development of the OpenZWave library.

INSTALLATION

To install ozwcp, visit http://code.google.com/p/openzwave-control-panel/
and click on the "source" tab. You will need an svn client to check out a
copy of the sources.

You will need a copy of the latest version of the OpenZWave library at
http://code.google.com/p/open-zwave/. Use the "source" tab on that project
to get a copy.

ozwcp uses GNU's libmicrohttpd library available at
http://www.gnu.org/software/libmicrohttpd/. I have set up this library
using the --enable-messages configure option for debugging but this is
optional.

All three of these installations should share live in the same directory
(share a common parent). The ozwcp Makefile assumes this.

See Makefile for comments about Mac OS X support.

Currently Windows is not supported. It should be possible to port this
to the Window's cygwin environment if anyone is interested in pursing that
option.

OPERATION

ozwcp currently runs from the command line and takes two flags:

-d for debugging
-p <portnum> port number the web server will listen on

Once started, connect to the hostname:postnum that ozwcp is running on
using a web broswer and you will get to the user interface.

Firefox has been extensively tested. Safari works. Intnernet Explorer
doesn't work yet. This is also on the to do list.

ozwcp currently must be run from within its distribution directory. It
serves files that must be present for it to work properly. You may need to
run it as root depending on the port number you use.

CAVEATS

This is an alpha release at best. It has only ever worked in a single
envionment. Please report bugs to the OpenZWave google groups mailing list:
http://groups.google.com/group/openzwave.

See the file TODO for a list of things on the to do list.

NOTE

The html/javascript tooltip support came from:
http://sixrevisions.com/tutorials/javascript_tutorial/create_lightweight_javascript_tooltip/
